[Music]
five incredible riddles to tease your
brain these brain teasers will help
evaluate your logical reasoning if you
can find the right answers in a minute
you are among the fifteen percent of
people who are the most intellectually
gifted some riddles are so amazing you
can't rest until you've found a solution
and it's all the more surprising when it
turns out to be obvious puzzle number
one how can John escape
John is trapped in a room there is a
table a chair two doors and a small hole
in the ceiling
six inches in diameter behind the first
door there's a starving lion that hasn't
eaten for a couple of days behind the
second door is a glass tunnel that
magnifies the sunlight and it creates
such a high temperature that even
opening the door can kill John how will
he escape I'll give you 30 seconds take
your time
ready for the right answer
John waits until it's night he can see
it through the hole in the ceiling and
then he'll escape through the glass
tunnel puzzle number two which one is
the odd one out a genius can crack this
one in just 10 seconds
Bill Gates is said to have solved it in
20 seconds Harvard University alumni can
do it in 40 seconds 75 percent of people
found this puzzle impossible to solve
and asked for a clue what about you so
here are five different shapes the
question is simple which variant is the
odd one out here are your 40 seconds
make yourself comfortable
and pay your attention to the picture
do you need some help at first you might
feel like the odd one out is the only
green one but what about the lonely
circle or the single small square or the
only shape with no border haven't you
found the answer yet well in the process
of elimination you'll realize the odd
one out is the shape on the left why
it's the only one that is not an odd one
out the leftmost shape is special
because it is not special got it
congrats to those who found the solution
make good use of your keen eye and
extraordinary logical abilities puzzle
number three who owns the fish to solve
this riddle you should know that there
are five houses of five different colors
there is a person of a different
nationality in each house each person
drinks a certain drink smokes a certain
brand of cigarettes and has a certain
pet no one drinks the same drink smokes
the same brand of cigarettes or has the
same pet the British man lives in the
red house
the Swedish man has a dog for a pet the
Danish man drinks tea the green house is
to the left of the white house the owner
of the green house drinks coffee the
person that smokes Pall Mall has a bird
the owner of the yellow house smokes
Dunhill the person that lives in the
middle house drinks milk the Norwegian
lives in the first house the person that
smokes blende lives next to the one that
has a cat the person that has a horse
lives next to the one that smokes
Dunhill the one that smokes blue master
drinks beer the German smokes Prince the
Norwegian lives next to a blue house
the person that smokes blend has a
neighbor that drinks water the question
is who owns the fish here's a little
hint the key to finding the answer is to
discard all possibilities progressively
until you reach the final solution this
riddle is a tricky one so people usually
need at least 45 seconds to solve it
take your time no rush you can also
pause the video to have more time to
think have you solved it here's the
right answer
the Norwegian lives in the yellow house
drinks water smokes Dunhill and has a
cat the Danish man lives in the blue
house drinks tea smokes blend and has a
horse
the British man lives in the red house
drinks milk smokes Pall Mall and has a
bird the German lives in the green house
drinks coffee smokes Prince and has a
fish
the Swedish man lives in the white house
drinks beer smoked blue master and has a
dog so the German is the owner of the
fish
puzzle number four where is the prisoner
hiding police hire a detective to find
an escaped prisoner
the detective narrows his searched to
one of three different houses after
taking a closer look at an aerial photo
of the three houses the detective
instantly knew which house the prisoner
was in do you already know the answer
I'll give you 30 seconds again take your
time and have a closer look at the
picture
are you ready now the prisoner was
hiding in house a as this is the only
house where the car was pointed towards
the street for a quick escape puzzle
number five what is the number of the
parking spot this one is very tricky can
you guess the number of the parking spot
sure you can
30 seconds are all yours ready for the
answer honestly it took us years to
figure it out the number of the parking
spot is 87 how do we know just look at
this upside down have you managed to
solve all the riddles share your
experience in the comments don't forget
to hit the like button below the video
and share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you
[Music]